.TH glabels 1 "Jun 28, 2004"
.SH NAME
glabels \- Label and business card creation program for GNOME
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B glabels-3
.RI [OPTIONS]
.RI [label-filename...]
.sp
.B glabels-3-batch
.RI [OPTIONS]
.RI [label-filename...]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B glabels-3
is a lightweight program for creating labels and business cards for
the GNOME desktop environment. It is designed to work with various
laser/ink-jet peel-off label and business card sheets that you'll find at most
office supply stores.
.B glabels-3
is pre-configured with templates for many of these products.
It also provides an interactive template designer for creating new
templates according to user specifications.
.PP
For full documentation see the \fBgLabels\fR online help.

.PP
.B glabels-3-batch
is a command line utility to print labels previously prepared with
.B glabels-3.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-?\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Display a summary of available command-line options.
.TP
\fB\-\-usage\fR
Display a short usage summary.
.TP
\fB\-v\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR
Print program version information.
.PP
.B Options specific to glabels-batch
.TP
\fB\-o\fR \fIfilename\fR, \fB\-\-output\fR=\fIfilename\fR
Set output filename to \fIfilename\fR. (default="output.ps")
.TP
\fB\-s\fR \fIn\fR, \fB\-\-sheets\fR=\fIn\fR
Set number of sheets to \fIn\fR. (default=1)
.TP
\fB\-c\fR \fIn\fR, \fB\-\-copies\fR=\fIn\fR
Set number of copies to \fIn\fR. (default=1)
.TP
\fB\-f\fR \fIn\fR, \fB\-\-first\fR=\fIn\fR
Set label on first sheet to start printing from to \fIn\fR. (default=1)
.TP
\fB\-l\fR, \fB\-\-outline\fR
Print outlines around labels.  This is useful for testing printer alignment
or printing proof sheets.
.TP
\fB\-r\fR, \fB\-\-reverse\fR
Print mirror image of labels.  This is useful for clear labels intended to be
seen from the back through glass.

.SH FILES
The $HOME/.config/libglabels/templates directory contains all user-defined templates.
.SH SEE ALSO
The gLabels homepage at <http://glabels.org/>.
.SH AUTHOR
Jim Evins <evins@snaught.com>
